chore(deps): update dependency flask to v3.0.3 (#11376)
GoogleCloudPlatform/python-docs-samples: appengine/flexible/websockets/requirements.txt

> Flask==3.0.3 # it seems like Flask-sockets doesn't play well with 2.0+

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Flask==1.1.4 # it seems like Flask-sockets doesn't play well with 2.0+
```
